[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Today we
have a special guest.
His name is Jason
Rice, and he claims
to have been in the
Secret Space Program.
His story is incredible,
and I'm sure you
will find it compelling.
Hey, Jason.
>>JASON RICE: Hello, Jay.
Thank you for having me.
>>JAY: Yeah, it's great to
have you, because your story is
absolutely fascinating.
You went to university at
the auspices of the Army.
>>RICE: I went to Florida
Institute of Technology
under a four-year
engineering scholarship.
And I was awarded a medical
scholarship for the Air Force
ROTC.
And I was awarded an engineering
scholarship for the US Army.
And I chose the engineering.
And then I was
commissioned the same day
I graduated with a Bachelor of
Science in civil engineering.
And in fact, at the
end of my education,
I had applied to go on
and get a master's degree.
And they said, nope.
You're graduating in
December, and you're
starting your commission
and active duty immediately.
>>JAY: So two months after
you started your active duty,
fully expecting just
a change in orders,
and everything was
going to be copacetic.
And then what happened?
>>RICE: Well, I show
up at this facility
and meet my new
company commander.
We got into the first
elevator, and there
were two buttons-- up, down.
That was it.
He placed his hand on
a scanner on the wall,
and then we started
our trip down.
It was about a
five-minute elevator ride.
And towards the bottom,
I recall that there
was a very peculiar
feeling of vertigo,
where the world seemed to turn
sideways for just an instant,
and then it was gone.
>>JAY: And were there
cameras in this elevator?
>>RICE: I'm sure there were.
I never saw them.
As they later told me
that from the moment
I stepped foot in the facility
that I was being watched.
And all of my actions
and choices and decisions
were being recorded and used
for part of my training.
So we get to the end of the
bottom of that first elevator
ride.
He had his hand on his sidearm.
It was a Beretta.
And was very, very intently
watching what I was doing.
Of course, I didn't
know about the--
>>JAY: Oh, he was afraid
you might go psychotic?
>>RICE: He was worried
that if I went psychotic
I would try and attack him.
And I later found
out that he had
had to use his sidearm
on another trainee
earlier that day.
So we get to the end of
the elevator ride down,
and it opens up onto
a red-lit platform
that's about 12 feet
high, 10 feet wide.
And 10 feet in front of
the elevators is a track,
and there's a capsule
transportation train,
if you will.
And it's shaped like a pill.
It has a Lamborghini-style
door that's opened.
It was white.
The capsule that we
were getting into
was barely shorter
than the landing.
So we get into the capsule, and
I sit down on the right side.
And he comes and sits
down in front of me.
And our knees are only
a few inches apart.
And the door closes.
And I couldn't tell which
direction we were moving in.
And then I sat quietly,
and I got the feeling
that we were moving in a
direction towards my back.
So I was facing rear.
And so that trip, it
lasted about 30 minutes.
We passed through a portal,
and we're no longer on Earth.
>>JAY: The train passed
through a portal?
>>RICE: The train
passed through a portal
and took us to another location.
I was able to recognize that
because the background Schumann
resonance was different.
It wasn't the same as here.
And so I was able
to pick that up.
And that actually came
out during hypnosis.
>>JAY: OK, hang on here.
First off, what's a
Schumann resonance?
>>RICE: OK.
The Schumann resonance
is a background frequency
that is present on Earth.
>>JAY: So you felt a shift
in that background frequency
when you went
through the portal?
>>RICE: I felt it, yes.
After I went through the portal.
>>JAY: What was it like
going through the portal?
Was there any physical feelings?
Mental feelings?
>>RICE: I was so focused on
that vertigo, the world going
sideways in the elevator, that I
was still overwhelmed with, OK,
what's going on.
>>JAY: The newness.
>>RICE: The newness.
This is all different.
I've never seen any of
these things before.
And I didn't notice a
difference at that time.
It was a minor difference.
It couldn't have been that
much, going from the background
frequency here to wherever
it was that we went to.
It couldn't have been
a shift of that much.
And they supplemented it with an
artificial background frequency
as well.
Which-- subtly different,
but different nonetheless.
>>JAY: Describe
what a portal is.
>>RICE: Portal technology
is used for travel,
and it can take a
shape of as large
as they need it to get
a vehicle or a person.
And it's to instantaneously
move from one place to another.
It could be within
a solar system,
or it could be somewhere
else in the galaxy.
So for all I know, I could have
been 1,500 light years away.
Or it could have been a
mined-out asteroid that's
within our own solar system.
I suspect it was Mars.
>>JAY: What happened then?
>>RICE: Well, a
30-minute capsule ride.
We pull up into what turned
out to be the next landing,
our stopping point.
I couldn't feel the train
stopping, the capsule stopping.
So the only indication I
had that we had arrived
was the door started opening,
and it scared the shit out
of me because I thought
we were still moving.
And I expected to see it
get ripped off any moment.
And the captain that
was with me knew it.
And so he knew that we
were going to be stopping,
and he was watching to
see what my reaction was.
And so he saw me freak
out for a moment,
because I thought we were about
to witness the capsule coming
apart.
And he smirked.
And I knew right then that,
OK, this is another one
of those new guy tricks.
All right, I get it.
And so we get out.
And we're in this
new landing that
was about 100 feet long,
about 30 feet high.
It was all white lit.
It was no longer red lighting.
And so there were a bank
of three elevator doors--
two standard-sized
elevator doors, and then
the largest set
of elevator doors
I've ever seen in my life.
These things were big enough
to drive a semi truck into.
>>JAY: Really?
>>RICE: They were enormous.
So we would walk up to one of
the man-sized elevator doors,
and he hits the button.
The doors open.
And I look from him
into the elevator.
And no more than four
feet in front of me
is an alien staring at me.
>>JAY: Really?
In the elevator?
>>RICE: In the elevator.
About four feet tall.
Large, dark eyes.
Small mouth.
Small nose.
>>JAY: And how did you react?
>>RICE: I turned and
looked at the captain,
who was on my right.
And then pointed
at the elevator.
And I said, there's
something in the elevator.
And he said, what is it?
And I looked back at the
elevator, and it was gone.
And I wasn't about
to tell him what
I'd seen, because at this point
I was still clueless on what
was going on.
>>JAY: Were you scared?
>>RICE: I was surprised.
Thinking back on it, it
wasn't a fear so much as,
what's he doing here, not
what in the world is that.
So the captain didn't
give any indication
that there was anything strange.
And so I-- following
his lead and not about
to tell him, my first commanding
officer, that I had just
seen an alien in the
elevator, I chalked it up
to another one of
those new guy tricks.
>>JAY: So, Jason,
one of the things
that we did besides
giving you a polygraph is
we had Georgina Cannon, who is
a noted hypnotherapist, come
and hypnotize you for almost
three hours, actually.
I guess that was
the point, actually,
of doing these
sessions, was that we
were hoping that it would
release more memories
and kind of create a cognition
for you after the sessions.
And that happened, right?
>>RICE: Mhm, it has happened.
It has been helpful.
OK, so let's listen to a section
of that regression section.
>>GEORGINA CANNON: And
tell me what happened.
>>RICE: Well, we got in
the elevator and rode up.
And when we came to a stop, we
were inside a giant colosseum.
>>CANNON: So tell me about
the briefing that you all had.
>>RICE: They took us all
in into the auditorium.
Colonel Schuller came up first.
And he talked to
us, thanking us.
He thanked us for volunteering.
If we'd only known.
>>CANNON: So what did
Colonel Schuller do?
He thanked you for
volunteering, and then what?
>>RICE: More bullshit.
Like we had a choice.
They told us we were
the tip of the spear,
and we'd have the
best equipment,
and that we were going
to help other planets.
Other people.
>>JAY: So you got hypnotized.
What was that like?
>>RICE: Well it was--
it was very helpful
in that there
were things that came
out during the hypnosis
that I hadn't recalled yet.
And so there are a number
of points and pieces
of the puzzle that I'm
very, very thankful for.
During the hypnosis, I
recall having images of doors
opening and closing.
And since then, I have
had more memories return.
I do know that, again,
part of the going
away presents that were left
with me included shutting off
memories and shutting off
things, as well as routines,
if you will, that continually
work on removing memory
from the events.
So there were things that
came out during the hypnosis
that I've been able
to recall some of.
But after the
hypnosis, I couldn't
remember some of the specific
details, again, because
of the memory routines that they
left me with to wipe those out.
So that's a continuous battle
that I have to fight regularly,
on the remembering
side of things.
>>JAY: OK, I want to get
into this in more detail.
What do you mean
by memory routines?
What does that mean?
Are you talking about
screen memories?
>>RICE: Well, I'm talking about
the routines that they have
to--
think of it as like the mental
eraser that they have that's
running in the background
that is continually
trying to remove the memories
from the conscious mind.
So that, again, you
don't talk about things
that you're not supposed to.
>>JAY: So it's almost like a
loop that they put you through.
So when you think
a certain thought,
this loop comes in and causes
it to just kind of become
a maddening thing
inside your head.
And then you don't want
to think about it anymore.
>>RICE: Yeah, well,
it's almost like putting
a frosted glass in
front of a window,
is that you wipe
away the moisture,
and you can see for a moment.
And then the
condensation comes back.
And you have to work
at continuing to wipe
the window off to remember it.
>>JAY: That's a great
analogy, actually.
So you'd recommend
other people that
have been in the Secret Space
Program to actually go and do
this also?
>>RICE: I would.
I would highly recommend it.
When I first started waking
up, my first response
was, gosh, I'd like to have
all these memories back
at one time.
When I had certain
memories come back
I realized the folly in that.
And that, for my own
sanity, my higher self
has decided what and when
and the timing of it.
And so trust in that, as well
as getting help with those,
either through hypnotic
regression or through therapy.
There's a number of ways
that you can help yourself
to recall those memories.
>>JAY: All right, so this train
has taken you into this room.
You see this alien
in the elevator.
The captain doesn't
act like he sees it.
Alien disappears.
What happens then?
>>RICE: We enter
in the elevator.
The captain accompanies me and
gives me a very knowing look.
And he hit the up button.
Doors close, and we
rode the elevator up.
It wasn't a very long ride.
I suspect it was probably
four or five floors up,
is where we went to.
This time, when the
elevator doors opened,
it was still a natural
rock formation,
except it was the size
of an NFL stadium.
>>JAY: This area--
is this in a cave?
>>RICE: Yeah, it was all
in a natural rock cave.
All of the stops once
we had gone underground
were in natural cave structures.
This was no exception.
When we entered
that last elevator
and went up to the
training grounds,
it opened up into the largest
underground cave structure
I'd ever seen in my life.
I had never seen any pictures
that are equal to it.
>>JAY: How was it lit?
>>RICE: That was one of the
really interesting parts of it,
is that the walls and ceiling,
they all seemed to be lit--
well lit.
Bright as daylight.
But I could not find any
origin of the lights.
It was almost as if the walls
themselves were lit in a way
that you couldn't localize where
the lights were coming from.
But there was no disputing
that the whole area was lit.
>>JAY: Was really kind of a
color or hue to the lighting?
>>RICE: It looked very daylight.
Very much like daylight.
>>JAY: And what was going
on in this gigantic cavern?
>>RICE: Well, it was
empty at the time.
I was gawking like coming to
the city for the first time.
And, of course, the captain
started walking as soon
as the doors opened.
And I could see
across that it was
a track with the vibration
absorptive material on it.
They had--
>>JAY: The what?
>>RICE: Vibration
absorptive material.
It's like foam, rubbery,
around the track.
You usually find it
on indoor tracks.
The inner field on the track
itself was clearly AstroTurf.
It looked like grass.
The outer areas had some
training seats, tables, chairs.
Something that anybody
in the military
recognized as a class area.
They had what looked to
be a volleyball sandpit.
Except it didn't have
any posts or nets.
They had a shooting
range on one side.
Elevated above the ground
were these networks
in series of catwalks.
Some of them had rails.
Some of them were missing rails.
There were ropes hanging
down from the ceiling
with a single carabiner on the
end, which are the little latch
devices that's commonly used
in mountain climbing and rock
climbing.
>>JAY: So this is a
training facility.
>>RICE: It's
exactly what it was.
>>JAY: And for soldiers.
>>RICE: For soldiers.
Except, for the life of
me, I couldn't figure out
why they needed a trapeze-type
training facility for soldiers.
Later I found out why.
>>JAY: Why?
>>RICE: Well, it
has to do with--
the hang glider
part of the training
involves using a neurally
operated gravity pack.
Utilizing the grav packs so
that we could create thrust
so that we could gain
altitude, lose altitude.
That ended up being
the training grounds
for where we were learned
about small unit tactics,
avoiding each other, not hitting
each other, firing from it.
>>JAY: So you were using hang
glider devices to fly around?
>>RICE: Yes.
Well, the packs were
battery powered.
Which meant that they had
a very limited duration.
If you burned a full
burn without stopping,
they would only last for
probably 30, 45 minutes.
They didn't have
much of a long life.
And so what you did was
you used them in concert
with the glider.
And so you weren't hovering,
but you were flying.
>>JAY: Sometimes you're
using the electric,
sometimes you're not.
>>RICE: Sometimes you're
using the electric,
and sometimes you're not.
We generally used
them to gain altitude
or to counter for
firing our weapons.
So you had to learn how
to use it mentally first.
Help turn left, help
turn right, up, down.
>>JAY: All being
neurologically driven.
Through a helmet or something?
>>RICE: Yep, through
our combat helmets.
So, using the
weapons that we used,
we had to counter it
with the grav packs.
The hang gliders were
not the ideal platform
to be staging an attack.
>>JAY: I was going to say, yeah.
>>RICE: They were more intended
for dropping in, relocating,
or for getting in
using stealth methods,
because it's ultra quiet.
>>JAY: Interesting.
So then, you're in this
big, huge facility.
Clearly you know that you're
going to be part of something
here.
Then what happened--
they haven't told you yet
that you're even in the
Secret Space Program.
This guy hasn't even talked
to you at all, the Captain?
>>RICE: Nope, hasn't
said anything--
to hold all questions.
Yep.
>>JAY: So what happened next?
>>RICE: There was, at the
time, what I thought was a very
strange-looking container--
shipping container--
with odd-looking doors.
There was also a movie
screen-sized surface
that had blackened,
charred marks and partially
burned areas on it.
And all of those were on
the mobile cable system
so that they could relocate them
any place in the stadium area.
The flat screen didn't
mean anything to me yet,
but that was one of the targets
we used with our plasma rifles.
It was a specially
treated surface
so that we could live fire our
plasma rifles without starting
a massive conflagration.
>>JAY: What's a plasma rifle?
>>RICE: It shoots out
a ball of hot plasma,
as hot as the sun,
that will travel
at unbelievable rates of fire,
and does incredible damage.
At that time, it didn't
know what any of that stuff
was used for.
I'm just walking through and
amazed that it's even there.
It smelled like moldy,
misty, musty campfire.
>>JAY: The whole cavern?
>>RICE: The whole area, yeah.
>>JAY: Very musty?
Is there water dripping?
>>RICE: No, no water dripping.
They sealed off the interior
surface of all the walls.
So there was no water.
Any water that came in
would have been a leak,
and they would have
found it quickly.
>>JAY: Outside of
the door you came in,
were there any other doors?
>>RICE: There were doors in
other areas of the training
colosseum.
But the ones that we
headed directly for
were directly across from
where the elevators opened up.
>>JAY: Did you ever discover
what this weird container
thing is?
>>RICE: I sure did.
>>JAY: What is it?
>>RICE: It is for simulating the
exit from one of the shuttles.
So they were able to move
it around at elevation
so that you could
basically jump out from it.
Again, because you're dealing
with people that have not
done this before
that are learning how
to use the neural interface,
as well as flying,
as well as shooting, as well as
aiming and trying to hit what
you're trying to hit.
There were a number
of close calls
where people were almost
hit, or there were a couple
of rounds put through gliders.
Again, you're trying to
coordinate all of these things
at one time.
So that was very--
>>JAY: Is it safe to say this is
the beginning of your training?
>>RICE: This was the
beginning of my training.
>>JAY: Did anybody
die in this training?
>>RICE: Yes.
There were deaths.
>>JAY: Sounds very dangerous.
So what happened after
you saw the cavern?
Where did you go next?
>>RICE: We went through
a door on the other side,
which entered into a hallway.
Traveled to the
end of that hallway
and entered into
another hallway.
And at the end of that
door was a stairwell.
And the captain started
going downstairs.
And I snuck a peek to
look up through the center
of the stairwell to see, OK,
how high does this thing go?
And I couldn't see the top.
So it had to have gone at least
to the top of the training
stadium.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RICE: And so, when we
came into the next hallway,
he made an immediate right
turn into the first door.
And turns out that that
was the conference room
that we would be spending
the next couple of hours
going over paperwork, paperwork,
signing for this equipment,
signing for that equipment.
Still no briefing.
So I walked in, and he
told me to have a seat.
And I sat down next to him.
And in front of me were a
stack of papers in a folder.
Inside this room was a
black stripe around the top.
12 inches.
It was only about 3/4 of an
inch wide but about 12 inches
from the ceiling.
And it went all the way
around the entire room.
At one end of the room was
a large flat screen TV.
It looked to be about 60 inches.
>>JAY: So what's this
black stripe doing?
>>RICE: The black stripe around
the upper portion of the room
turned out to be full
monitoring equipment,
which included bio
signs, video, audio,
anything and everything that
they needed to determine--
infrared.
Who's in the room, whether
they're sweating a lot,
or they're cool, they're
calm, they're collected.
So I didn't realize
it at the time.
It just looked like
a black stripe.
>>JAY: So you signed
all these documents.
>>RICE: Signed
all the documents.
Spent two hours signing.
>>JAY: Is anybody telling you?
You're getting debriefed
on any of this?
>>RICE: He said,
hold all questions.
He said, we've got
a lot of work to do
in a short amount of time.
You'll get a full briefing
day after tomorrow,
after everybody is here.
You'll get it the same
time everybody else does.
And the thing is is
that they plan it
that way to keep you guessing so
you don't know what's going on,
so that they can gauge
and judge and evaluate
your reactions to unknown,
stressful situations.
Sitting in front of
the captain as well
was a blank slating device.
That was the first time I'd ever
seen one, that I could recall.
>>JAY: What does that look like?
>>RICE: The one that I'd seen
resembled a jeweler's hammer,
which is a small hammer.
Except instead of
having a hammer head,
it had a small, conical and
crystal fixture on the end.
And a plain black
handle, no markings.
A single button on it.
So I didn't know what it was
about, and I had no idea.
Found out if I had declined
the offer, that that was what
my fate was going to be,
to be mind wiped and blank
slated, and sent
back to Fort Wood.
>>JAY: You know, a lot of people
are going to be watching this.
And they're going to
think that you're crazy.
Or they're going to
think you're a liar.
And you don't come off
crazy, I have to tell you.
But the lying part,
we can't tell.
So what we had you do
was take a polygraph test
from a polygraph examiner.
And we want to show you the
results of that right now.
>>BRIAN HOFF: Jason,
go ahead and relax.
Remain still.
The test will begin in a moment.
The test is beginning.
Are you now in the
state of Colorado?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>HOFF: Regarding your
extraterrestrial experiences,
do you intend to answer my
questions truthfully today?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>HOFF: Have you ever
said anything in anger
that you later regretted?
>>RICE: No.
>>HOFF: Were you ever a member
of a Secret Space Program?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>HOFF: Did you ever
engage in military service
on the planet Mars?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>HOFF: Have you ever told
a lie to keep yourself out
of trouble?
>>RICE: No.
>>HOFF: Were you ever a member
of a Secret Space Program?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>HOFF: Did you ever
engage in military service
on the planet Mars?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>HOFF: Have you ever told
a lie to keep yourself out
of trouble?
>>RICE: No.
>>HOFF: During your
entire life, have you ever
broken even one law?
>>RICE: No.
>>HOFF: Have you ever killed
an extraterrestrial being?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>HOFF: Have you
ever been captured
by an extraterrestrial being?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>HOFF: During your
entire life, have
you ever violated any
rules or regulations?
>>RICE: No.
>>HOFF: Have you
ever been captured
by an extraterrestrial being?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>HOFF: During your
entire life, have
you ever violated any
rules or regulations?
>>RICE: No.
>>HOFF: OK, the test is ending.
Please remain still.
What you're looking
on the test is
changes in breathing patterns
or upper body movements
and activity.
Down here a little
bit more, you're
looking for GSR changes,
or Galvanic Skin Responses.
Essentially, it's
opening and closing
of sweat glands
in our fingertips.
Just below that, what I'm
looking for is changes in blood
pressure, heart rate, et cetera.
Below that on the screen,
what I'm looking at
is PPG readings, which is
Photoplethysmograph readings.
Essentially, what that is
is the opening and closing
or the constriction of blood
vessels in your fingertips.
Some of the other readings
I have on there are whether
or not he moved or was trying
to cheat the test in any way,
and he wasn't.
So what I'm looking
at on the screen
right now is that, for the
directed lies that I asked him
to tell, which were, you know,
have you ever broken any laws,
stuff like that, he does have
a physiological response that
comes from that that is
indicative of somebody
normally lying to us and
that physiological result
that I've come to expect.
When we see the other
questions where he answers yes
to being part of a
Secret Space Program,
or being on the
planet Mars, there's
not that typical
physiological arousal
that we would expect
to see when somebody
knows that they're lying.
Again, any time that there is
an extraordinary story that
is so far out of what is
normal and out of what I know
as a human being and from
my experience, of course
there's some doubt that
creeps into my mind.
Having said that, Jason seems
like a very credible source.
He's well spoken.
He came in here.
He seems to know exactly what he
feels happens when it happened.
All the polygraph
can really tell
us is whether or not
somebody believes
what they're saying is true.
Physiological
indicators indicate
that he does not have
an arousal of any sort
of biological
indicators that tell me
that he disbelieves his
story even in the slightest.
So in that case,
what I'm saying is
that, ultimately,
Jason believes what
he's telling us to be true.
>>JAY: So the guy
conducting the polygraph
kept asking you the
same questions over
and over and over.
I'm sure it was
driving you crazy.
But I think they were doing
that because they were trying
to elicit different emotional
responses from you to see
and guarantee that you were
being credible, I think.
Don't you?
>>RICE: Yes, yes.
The direct lie stimulation
test, from what
it was explained to
me, was that they
try and create a
baseline for lying,
as well as for
telling the truth.
>>JAY: So the question about
have you ever broken a rule,
that was a preconceived
lie that was--
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: --so that
every time you lied,
you would see your response.
So that could be matched against
the other responses, where
you were telling the truth.
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: Interesting.
So how did you feel being asked
these questions over and over
and over?
>>RICE: It was anxiety
provoking because when
I start talking
about my experiences,
it would induce anxiety
or other physiological
effects to try and distract
me from talking about it.
And that's part of
the program that they
use for people that
are getting out,
is they don't want
you to talk about it.
So they put programs
into your psyche
so that you either
have an anxiety attack,
or you start sweating, or the
room gets too small no matter
how big it is.
You can't focus.
You can't stay attentive to what
you're trying to talk about.
When I first started waking
up and remembering the things
that I had done, it
was really difficult
because of those
programs, those presents
that they left with me.
>>JAY: Well, clearly,
you are not lying.
At least you believe
what you're saying.
>>RICE: I've known that
what I'm saying is true.
Even as shortly as
a few years ago,
if you'd asked me
that whether or not
I believed I was a part of
some Secret Space Program
conspiracy, I would have
said, no, sounds interesting,
but that's not me.
However, participating in
it, having the memory recall
that I have of the experiences
and the events that I have,
those things that
have happened to me,
the experiences that
I've remembered,
have proven to me
without any doubt at all
that I was a part
of that program.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and Secret Space Programs.
>> This is a real, conscious
being that has just passed
within maybe a few hours.
>> Or was killed.
>>RICE: It was a
kinetic energy weapon.
They will take any
large enough size rock,
and then launch it towards
the surface and the areas
that they want to
try and strike.
>> A lot of relics that have
been collected around the world
since ancient times have been
stored below the Vatican.
And a lot of this stuff
is extraterrestrial.
>> They believe that they come
from this extraterrestrial
lineage, when we're
just basically animals.
[THEME MUSIC]